C:\Users\Brenton\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\GPC-BOM\bin\Debug\GPC-BOM.exe.config
C:\Users\Brenton\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\GPC-BOM\bin\Debug\GPC-BOM.exe
C:\Users\Brenton\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\GPC-BOM\bin\Debug\GPC-BOM.pdb
C:\Users\Brenton\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC-BOM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Brenton\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC_BOM.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\Brenton\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC_BOM.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Brenton\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC-BOM.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Brenton\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC-BOM.exe
C:\Users\Brenton\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC-BOM.pdb
C:\Users\Brenton\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC_BOM.AboutBox.resources
C:\Users\Brenton\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC_BOM.Settings.resources
c:\users\brenton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GPC-BOM\GPC-BOM\bin\Debug\GPC-BOM.exe.config
c:\users\brenton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GPC-BOM\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC-BOM.exe
c:\users\brenton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GPC-BOM\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC-BOM.pdb
c:\users\brenton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GPC-BOM\GPC-BOM\bin\Debug\GPC-BOM.exe
c:\users\brenton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GPC-BOM\GPC-BOM\bin\Debug\GPC-BOM.pdb
c:\users\brenton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GPC-BOM\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC-BOM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brenton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GPC-BOM\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC_BOM.AboutBox.resources
c:\users\brenton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GPC-BOM\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC_BOM.frmMain.resources
c:\users\brenton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GPC-BOM\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC_BOM.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\brenton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GPC-BOM\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC_BOM.Settings.resources
c:\users\brenton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GPC-BOM\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC-BOM.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\brenton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GPC-BOM\GPC-BOM\obj\Debug\GPC-BOM.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
